com/kitam/bgapp/database/TaskDao_Impl.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDao_Impl
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDao_Impl$1
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDao_Impl$2
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDao_Impl$3
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDao_Impl$4
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDao_Impl$5
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDao_Impl$6
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDao_Impl$7
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentHotBindingImpl.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentHotBindingImpl
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentSearchListBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentSearchListBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/ItemFavoriteBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.ItemFavoriteBinding
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentHomeAltBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentHomeAltBinding
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/ItemHotListBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.ItemHotListBinding
com/kitam/bgapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.BuildConfig
com/kitam/bgapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentHomeAltBindingImpl.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentHomeAltBindingImpl
com/kitam/bgapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.kitam.bgapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.kitam.bgapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/kitam/bgapp/database/TaskDatabase_Impl.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDatabase_Impl
 com.kitam.bgapp.database.TaskDatabase_Impl$1
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentHotBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentHotBinding
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/kitam/bgapp/SplashActivity.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.SplashActivity
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/ItemHotGridBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.ItemHotGridBinding
com/kitam/bgapp/BR.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.BR
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/kitam/bgapp/databinding/ProfileFragmentBinding.java
 com.kitam.bgapp.databinding.ProfileFragmentBinding
